Purple Squirrel Media is a curated network of digital media broadcasts most innovative and hardworking talent. With over 20 years of experience, you save you time, money, and resources by providing unmasked and unbiased access to an entire ecosystem of solutions and custom platforms. Purple squirrel media is here to serve the small and mid to your market with a $2 billion addressable market share. Our mission is to support the ownership, distribution, and monetization of online content for the creators. The days of giving away your content for free are over. Bridging the gap, purple squirrel media is platform-agnostic, meaning we integrate with existing platforms, eliminating competition. In fact, we offer exclusive solutions that no other OTT platform can offer right now. We built an infrastructure that is mobile, accessible, and affordable. Our platform integrates with all of your favorite social media channels like YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and TikTok, while allowing creators to distribute their own content and build revenue from one single app. Our SaaS dashboard for add agencies will engage their audience with advanced distribution and monetization, our creators will earn 100% of the digital proceeds. With our app, creators can gamify their content experience and create trivia games, simply create the question, schedule a time for the game, and play. Live streaming will drive more engagement and traffic. Our strategies drive revenue and sustainability through T-BOD, S-FOD, A-VOD, Hybrid, Affiliate Programs, Revenue Share, Strategic Partnerships, E-commerce and referral programs. We will increase our durability by maintaining and improving profit margins outpacing expenses while driving sales. We will closely monitor our lifetime value and customer acquisition costs. Our current revenue streams from pre-revenue and minimal viable product that are accessible to our current beta customers. Listen or watch the best content, add your favorites or share with your friends. Find all the shows you're looking for, organized by category, and keep watching your content. Purple squirrels inside ad with 10 times digital ads revenue and 100% real impressions, no more skip ads with a proprietary disruptive ad technology. Purple Squirrel Media is doing things that other ad tech companies have never done. We've spent years partnering with the best in the business, giving us access to deals and workflows, no other ad tech company can match. We've created a fully customizable data platform, complete with tailored dashboards, automated reporting, and real-time visualization. The Purple Squirrel Media solution frees up internal resources for our customers, allowing them to go after more clients, bigger budgets, and provides tools needed to deliver the most premium up-to-date digital offerings. With inside chat, simply watch and chat, real-time interactions between creators and fans. Purple squirrel media launched with new chip in August with a founder investment of $75,000 and a demo with new chip in November. The next step is our pre-seed investment round. Introducing Purple Scrolls Dream Team. Hey, there's me, Matthew Karsten, founder and CEO. Next, we have Saeed Ahmed, business and investment advisor. Saeed is over 30 years of broadcast experience and he's done this before. Next up is Anthony Austin II, chief creative officer and founder of Creative Sweet's Media Group. Anthony's also a Harvard graduate and a Google teacher. Next, we have Paul and Courtney Climson, founder and CEO of Theory One production and the Rode Clinic. My hometown heroes and they help JT's tour go around the world. Last but not least, Cam Hoss, chief talent officer, formerly at Facebook and Reba McIntyre's personal assistant. Thank you, sincerely, for taking the time to hear our pitch for purple squirrel media. My name is Matthew Karsten, founder and CEO. You can reach me at Matthew at purple squirrelmedia.io. TV will never be the same. Let's take this journey together. The total available market exceeded 50 billion in 2020 and is forecast to reach 184 billion by 2027, with a CHER over 20% between now and 2027 and a market chair of 2 billion for purple scroll. 